[Music]
nine things that show your love without
words you can talk about such a great
feeling as love you can write poems and
songs and tell everyone you know about
it but sometimes all you need to do is
to do something right this will mean
more for a person than any words you can
say the following nine little things
will help you express your love much
better than words from giving
compliments to cooking dinner together
we are going to explain why each of them
means so much to your significant other
watch this video till the end if you
want to make your relationship even
stronger your love everlasting
[Music]
keep your partner's some time to rest
difficult days we all need some time to
rest from work and switch our attention
to our usual lives we are all different
and have our own limits when it comes to
work and even emotions some people can
easily spend eight hours at the office
surrounded by their colleagues non-stop
talking then have a proper workout at
the gym come home cook dinner and still
have energy for more communication and
activities for others a day at work from
the company of others is already enough
energy and communication wise so if your
partner comes home from work tired it
does not feel ecstatic about cleaning
the apartment or having a discussion on
the symbolism of bed goes works don't be
mad don't rush him with the housework
routine give him some time to rest and
some alone time if he needs it yes it
can also happen that he is not physical
emotionally exhausted it does not mean
he is cheating on you or lost interest
in communication extroverts happen to
fall in love with introverts don't let
this difference in mentality ruin your
relationships make use of it how can you
possibly make use of sitting alone and
waiting for your partner to get in the
speaking activity mode easily hunt for
your own good find things to keep
yourself busy with there is most likely
something you have always wanted to
learn cooking like a chef editing
pictures
speaking French or maybe you wanted to
knit a super long cozy scarf for the
winter there you go your alone time is a
great opportunity for that meanwhile
your partner will get some time to
reload emotionally it will help you
avoid conflicts be a good listener
you know how annoying that new girl from
my office is she probably got the job
just because her mother is friends with
my boss whenever I put on that skirt I
feel like I am too old because it looks
too young on me and it used to be okay
just two years ago where am I going
getting old is so scary has your partner
ever tried to talk to you about
something like that or maybe you are the
partner who needs to discuss all these
things click like if you can relate to
this in any case the other party was
most definitely not enthusiastic about
engaging in that discussion okay they
did not even listen remember this if
your partner wants to talk to you about
something you know nothing about or are
not interested in don't refuse right
away sometimes girls just need someone
who can listen to the latest news learn
about all the sales and look at all the
things they've bought don't be angry in
these moments try to be a kind and
understanding partner if your
significant other ever complained to you
that you miss most of what they tell you
it does not mean you have to see a
doctor and get a hearing you should
learn to be a good listener means not
only listening to what your partner is
telling you without interrupting them
but paying attention to what they say
and taking note of it
it also means reading between the lines
men usually hate to guess but girls like
to say something inclined something else
if they spend 10 minutes explaining the
beauty of their new dress and then
mention they sadly have nowhere to wear
it it does not mean they just wanted to
complain they are giving you a hint to
ask them out or plan something
interesting together who said it was
going to be easy but in the end you will
learn to do it and it will mean the
world to your special someone don't
forbid them to see their friends
even if you heard the magical eight
letters and they were not I got food but
I love you and even if you have a ring
on your finger
and are happily planning your marriage
together your partner has not and never
will become your property yes they still
have the right to see their friends and
do things not involving you when you are
in a relationship the last thing you
should do is try to turn your partner
into your property every person needs
private space and claim they can spend
with their friends so next time your
boyfriend wants to watch football with
his friends don't be mad
just let him go and have some fun yes
like we already said so a long time can
be your personal development time and
you can do the same thing as your
boyfriend and spend time with your
friends you have not seen for ages girls
night out with cocktails and gossip
about men and whatnot who will be a
great consolation when your football
enthusiast comes back you will have new
topics to discuss and new energy to do
something exciting together
pay attention to the things they love
happiness consists of small things her
favorite sweets and fruits and wash
dishes may seem insignificant but it
will be a big sign for her that you
remember what she likes
you value your relationship and you love
her it works both ways
cooking his favorite meal which requires
a lot of work or turning on the sports
channel you would not watch without and
also tells him I love you such simple
things can make people happy
when was the last time you did something
little but meaningful for your special
someone mmm a while ago do it tonight
terrine together a palm-tree the sea a
cocktail we all dream of a vacation like
this so if in the dead of winter
your girlfriend comes home and shows you
her new hat dress or swimsuit don't be
angry and don't say it was a waste of
money instead dream about how great it
would be to go on vacation together
anyone here want to go on vacation by
the way click thumbs up to see how many
of us do discuss it in detail
we'd girls just love it and if it is not
possible just yet make your own home and
Island in the Sun turn on some beach
music or the sound of the ocean
watch a summer adventure movie or make
some cocktails and dance around the
house your girlfriend can try on all of
that summer stuff she just bought and
you can wear your Hawaiian shirt sound
silly
that is the point doing something silly
and fun together will make great
memories and a course dreaming together
needs making plans together that is a
sign of love and commitment
[Music]
give compliments
here comes the big surprise girls are
not the only ones who love hearing
compliments even though they don't
openly admit it guys love to know that
they look good too
so tell your boyfriend that he is very
handsome his shirt really suits him or
that his socks are really cool this is a
little thing that can make him feel good
you know what else you can do leave a
little sweet post-it note where your
partner will definitely see it your
smile makes me happy
you will do great today it will make
even the manliest heart melt and dance
like a little unicorn on the inside the
same trick works for girls and they
openly admit they loving and a friend to
him not a tyrant criticism to
satisfaction and trying to get involved
in men's stuff unless men watch from
their girlfriends even if you are sure
you know what's better for me
let him be independent holding decide
how to repair something and let him
choose what to wear at home or which
ringtone to set he needs to be able to
make decisions on his own when he's with
you we know you were just trying to help
and we agree that green shirt he bought
looks ugly on him but it was his choice
respect it and of course let him be the
man in the house if he wants it if
something is broken and he's trying to
fix it let him do it
don't tell him he'll break it worse or
he's doing it wrong have faith in him
cook dinner together
when there is no time fast-food is
exactly what you need but sometimes you
do care about what you eat cook
something unusual and tasty think about
what you want to cook go to the
supermarket together and eat at the
table the most important thing here is
to be around each other don't let one
person do everything you will see their
mood change a lot when you offer to help
planning and cooking a big meal together
is something like a little model of
living together each of you has some
tasks and responsibilities and it will
only work out if you work together as a
team if you manage to make a stuffed
turkey together you can get over a
greater crisis in life don't get annoyed
by flaws we are all very different and
no one is perfect she forgets to add
salt and he never takes a fresh towel
when he has a shower just take it easy
to have a harmonious relationship we
need to learn not to notice these little
things we all know the paradox we will
love each other for who we are but it
would be great if you put cursors on the
table first and only then come
and she could keep all her essential
hair and skin products in one
not all of it house sounds familiar
learn to love your partner and accept
them the way they are even with their
little faults then you will see it so
much easier to live like that we hope
you liked this video if so use the
special thumbs up button to let us know
don't forget to show your loved ones how
you feel about them with words or
actions subscribe to our channel not to
miss any important updates and remember
life is better on the bright side
[Music]